PROJECT: Leash Framework
AUTHOR:  Peter Morrison
BUILD:   vs-2.5
UPDATED: 2013-07-31

QUICKIE : 2013-07-03
There really is no quirkie reason why I chose to name this project Leash. The Leash 
Framework is named after the Pearl Jam song, Leash. It is nothing more but a rock your 
socks off fantastically amazingly great song. Possibly my most favorite Pearl Jam song 
ever created. That's about it!

PROJECT GOAL : 2013-06-19
Create a PHP5 MVC based framework that is incredibly simple to configure and use on 
any platform preferred. The ability to use pre-defined core functions that are commonly 
named which can be utilized by either calling the function directly or by calling the 
function statically. Allow multiple datasource configuration settings in a single location 
for easy maintenance. The ability to configure a mail (SMTP) server or your liking such 
as a connection to the Gmail SMTP server. Built in CLI to handle common actions such as 
creating controllers, models, views and services as well as handling some configuration 
settings.

PROJECT LICENSE : 2013-07-03
There is no license. This is a personal project which is open source. It is your 
responsibility to understand that the Leash Framework is constantly being worked on and 
that I have no responsibility if your project does not properly function the way you 
intended. Feel free make whatever changes and modifications to the code you like.

INSTALLATION : 2013-07-08
1. Download and unzip the contents of the Leash Framework into a directory you plan to 
   use for a web root.
2. Configure a new host within your web server configuration. Be sure to make the web root 
   point to the /web/ directory. If you plan to do local development, be sure to set up a 
   new host in your systems host file.
3. Enable the PDO drivers for MySQL, PostgreSQL and SQLite within php.ini. You will need to 
   download and configure drivers for MSSQL in order to connect to a MSSQL database.
4. Enable the mod_rewrite module within the Apache http.conf and restart the server service.
5. Finally, open the host that you configured within your server and should be good to go.

DOCUMENTATION : 2013-06-19
The Leash Frameworks reference documentation should be able to get you started but is still 
currently being developed and may be missing a few things here and there. Also, feel free to 
either remove this directory if you like. It is not necessary and is not part of the internals 
of the Leash framework.

CLI : 2013-06-19
The built in CLI

SAMPLE CRUD : 2013-07-31
The default installation contains a very simple CRUD application that acts as a band manager. 
Nothing more than creating, reading, updating and deleting band names from a prebuilt SQLite 
database that resides within the /app/dbase/bands.sqlite directory. This sample application 
can be used as a guide to help with getting familiar with Leash. 

PLUGINS : 2013-07-31
Leash has the ability to install pre-built plugins or for you to build your own plugins. All 
plugins reside in the /app/plugins/ directory. Leash comes with a few plugins installed by 
default such as, dbug and phpmailer, which are known PHP libraries. 

TAGS : 2013-06-19
Leash tags are special files that reside within the /app/tags/ directory. These files can 
contain any code you like and can also define multiple tags within the same tag file as well. 
